<h1>WhatsApp Chat Analyzer</h1>

<h2>Overview</h2>

<p>The WhatsApp Chat Analyzer is a Python-based data analysis project designed to provide comprehensive insights into your WhatsApp group conversations. Leveraging the power of pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, emoji, and streamlit, this project delivers top statistics and visualizations, allowing you to gain a deeper understanding of your chat dynamics.</p>

<h2>Features</h2>

<ul>
  <li>Total Messages: Keep track of the overall message count in the chat.</li>
  <li>Total Words: Analyze the total number of words shared in the conversation.</li>
  <li>Media Shared: Explore the frequency and types of media files shared.</li>
  <li>Link Shared: Identify the prevalence of shared links.</li>
  <li>Most Busy Users (Group Level): Discover the users who are most active in the group.</li>
  <li>Most Busy Users (By Percentage): Get insights into user activity percentage-wise.</li>
  <li>Emoji Analysis: Understand the emoji distribution and usage patterns.</li>
  <li>Monthly Analysis: Break down statistics on a monthly basis.</li>
  <li>Daily Analysis: Explore daily chat activity patterns.</li>
  <li>Most Active Day: Identifies the day with the highest chat activity.</li>
  <li>Activity Heat Map: Visualize chat activity over time using a heat map.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Usage</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Upload your WhatsApp chat export file (text format) to convert it to a pandas dataframe.</li>
  <li>Explore the rich set of statistics and visualizations generated by the analyzer.</li>
</ul>
